Correct wording of signing/strong naming location (#30901)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/sign-strong-name.md

There are a number of ways to sign an assembly with a strong name:

> - By using the **Build / Strong naming** tab in a project's **Properties** dialog box in Visual Studio. This is the easiest and most convenient way to sign an assembly with a strong name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the **Build** > **Strong naming** page in the [project designer](/visualstudio/ide/reference/project-properties-reference) for a project in Visual Studio. This is the easiest and most convenient way to sign an assembly with a strong name.
```
